"Elon Musk is a piece of shit, greedy capitalist who exploits workers, and offers nothing of real benefit to the world. All he’s done is make a name for himself on the backs of other people, using dirty money from his family’s emerald mine they acquired during apartheid. I don’t care that he’s autistic. He thinks we should be cured with his company’s AI chip. He is not a representation of our community. Don’t celebrate him on this page.",	40,	While the content could be true, and good overall, it's not said in the most professional way.
The senile credit card shrill from Delaware needs to resign!!,	30,	Could be true but is an ad hominem attack and unprofessionally stated
He does that a lot -- makes everyone look good but him...I guess it's also probably the Dems and the Media that force him to compulsively tweet abject bullshit like a lying bitch. They're tricky, them libs.,	10,	Could be true but unhelpful abjectly political unprofessionally stated and anthropomorphizes a group.
F*ck Lizzo,	20,	Succinct to the point and incredibly rude.
Epstein and trump were best buds!!! Pedophiles who play together!!,	40,	While the content could be true and good overall it's not said in the most professional way.
"WHY IN THE HELL Are we sending Biden out to a world meeting representing America?? That diaper load doesn't represent anything regarding the support & protection of the Constitution and the citizens of our Country",	40,	Ameliorated but still abjectly political and ad hominem.
Now we all know this is just another fantasy with hopeful thinking.... Biden is desperate to be pardoned from his sins but does he not know that the pope does not save a man only Jesus can do this!! This demented Biden has condoned the greatest atrocity of all time by allowing the murdering of innocent unborn babies. He has also left young men behind enemy lines to die with only a selfish motivations. He has also condemned innocent men, women and children to lives of poverty due to the unrelentless lies of this COVID-19 fiasco, taking livelihoods, health loss and death due to unverified and quickly released vaccines that do only harm and provide no solutions to the virus itself. This man was placed in a position to care for a nation of people and he has failed in every avenue intentionally because he has a personal agenda to single-handedly wreck this nation in order to bring on a socialist regime. He has gone against God’s people and it’s persecuting them relentlessly which eventually will perpetuate and extend out into the world. If this pope is lying to the president about the way he is handling his affairs as a president then God help that pope as well because he is a liar. ￼￼￼,	25,	Long and descriptive but fallacious religious and political.
WE MANAGED TO FIND AN ASSHOLE WHO'S A BIGGER SCUMBAG THAN CUOMO!,	20,	Mean comparison and political
After all the leftist said and did to DT, you can take your disgraceful comment and shove it up your ***,	30,	Group and ad hominem but not as bad as possible
This is for all you Crybaby Transpo-People , NYC Police and NYC Firefighters and Cry Baby I Think I'm all that and then some Airline Pilots ( # 1 you drive a BUS --lets get that straight ) 1 Weeks of training and Any Sesna Pilot can fly a Jet --Heck Even John Travolta and Indian Jones can Fly a Jet FOR REAL they can ...with that being said " GET Covid Vaccinated - It's the LAW " !!!You ALL NEED to Act like Grown Adults not a premature Sissy La La - GET the VACCINE and Like it..You Voted for Biden now Reap the Whirl-Wind of your actions ..Rough Travel you say ,,I say SORRY I don't wanna Fly Covid Airlines or I'm a lil Drunk Airlines ...,	10,	Honestly rating this low due to how incoherent it is, more than how toxic anything is.
F&@k Stanton!!! 🖕🏽,	20,	Succinct to the point and incredibly rude.
I will not reveal my identity here but I have to state that you deserve what you are getting right now. As a younger man of age 14, 15, 16 and 17 in the 1980s, I was approached by men like you while they abused their positions of power as my employer in order to coerce me to have sex with them; when I did not relent they went so far as attempting to ram pens up my Rectum and surround me in semi-public areas and Gang-like atmosphere. Furthermore, I was approached by Gay Men/Pedophiles to make Gay/Pedophile Porn while still age 14, 15, 16 and 17. I am glad that you, Weinstein and the rest of you pieces of SHIT are being revealed for who you really are - this is the Hollywood of today. While it took me 20 to 35 years to reveal these facts, I am glad that I can share this with the General Public; I am relieved. People like you deserve to be castrated in Public...,	30,	Probably a lie but even if not not appropriate for a business message.
you make me want to SMDH and ask your mother why she didn’t swallow,	40,	Not really toxic but not very professional
Building back better right Joey s#|t the pants?? 😂😂🤡,	20,	Political ad hominem
He is definitely a maggot...,	30,	This sounds personal
"> The difference in average earnings between men and women can be explained by taking into account relevant factors. So it isn't a myth, you just feel that you can explain it.",	88,	Clarification is professional
The myth is that the "gap" is entirely based on the sex of the  person., 	55,	Touchy subject but handled in a neutral way even if they're wrong.
The assertion is that women get paid less for the *same* jobs, and that they get paid less *because* they are women., 	93,	Clarification is professional
"You said in the OP that's not what they're measuring. They're measuring aggregate. As entertainers, women make less. Isn't that what JLaw was complaining about?",	88,	Leading question but overall non-toxic
">Men and women are not payed less for the same job. I don't think many people say this is the case though. I think this is a misconception on the other side, not something feminists have said. Even if women have a lower ""average"" wage in all jobs than men... I mean that's even bigger than individual cases. This shows that women are in an inferior position *more* than if a woman were to get literally 30 cents less. Because averages show the bigger picture. Edit: Changed 70 to 30.",	76,	Touchy subject but professionally explained
"> All the wage gap is, is an average of total men's pay vs total women's pay. If you believe that's all it is, then sure. So you admit it exists? >When people refer to the pay gap, that ^ is what they are referring to most of the time. I'd say most of the time people think they're talking about discrimination, which is only true if they actually say it's about discrimination. This is essentially critics that are assuming they are saying something other than what they are saying.",	52,	Directly confrontational and unhelpful but not rude
No, the point is they aren't talking about discrimination here.,	94,	Succint clarification
They’re shallots, actually,	80,	Nice professional correction. Could do without the actually.
me thinking in my head: mmm pizzaaaa...,	60,	Loving pizza is pretty close to neutral
I have never seen a dice hammer that is so fucking cool I definitely need one,	70,	Would be completely professional and encouraging without the profanity
"Got a question for you guys out there: did revan always hold hit lightsaber like that? I was rather young when kotor first came out but if I remember correctly it became only a thing after the force unleashed dropped.",	50,	Completely neutral
This sub’s notorious for it. It might be the most toxic sub I’ve ever seen..I got 7 downvotes for saying Denzel Curry was my favorite rapper at this moment. Like I didn’t know that meant Eminem couldn’t be your favorite lmao,	60,	Barly not neutral calling out negativity isn't negative but way too passive aggressive.
Are results from grand Swiss not factored?,	80,	Questions are generally professional